By now, you've explored a great number of areas on the owned media landscape.
We explored sales metrics, growth metrics,
engagement metrics, stickiness, and return rate.
We also looked at what these metrics mean and how to calculate them.
We even took a closer look at email and SEO channels,
and evaluated a variety of calculations we use
to further evaluate the performance in those areas.
Now, there's definitely a lot of material here,
and it's okay if you don't feel like you've mastered these concepts yet.
By being aware that this information and
this data exists and knowing where to turn to find it,
you're already on your way to building the foundation for
practicing these skills as you continue in your marketing analytics journey.